## Glowscript Simple Solar System Project (Sun, Earth, Mars)
This project can be found at: https://www.glowscript.org/#/user/bauer0313/folder/MyPrograms/program/SunEarthMoonMars

This project creates a large central body (Sun) with a mass much larger than Earth or Mars. The sun is placed at (0, 0, 0). The Earth is created and located several units away from the sun. The sun is set to have a larger radius than the earth. The initial velocity of the sun is set to (0, 0, 0) and the initial velocity of the earth is set perpendicular to the line from the sun to the earth. A simulation can now be generated by applying the following equations:  
(1) ğ‘1=ğ‘0+ğ‘£0ğ‘¡+12ğ‘0ğ‘¡2  
(2) ğ‘£1=ğ‘£0+ğ‘0ğ‘¡  
(3) ğ¹= ğ¾ğ‘€1 ğ‘€2ğ‘Ÿ2  
(4) ğ¹=ğ‘šğ‘ ğ‘= ğ¹ğ‘š  

Equation 1: Determines the new position of an object after a given amount of time under constant acceleration  
Equation 2: Determines the new velocity of an object after a given amount of time under constant acceleration  
Equation 3: Determines the gravitational force between two objects given their masses, M1 & M2, and the distance between them, r. K is the gravitational constant, but it is not necessary to use the actual value of K that has been determined for the universe. Pick any value that works. Higher values of K increase the force and lower values decrease it. The force that pulls two bodies toward each other is a vector, but the above equation generates only a scalar value. The scalar value of the force from M1 to M2 can be converted to vector form by multiplying F by u, where u is the unit vector from M1 toward M2. Reversing u and multiplying it times F gives the force from M2 to M1.    
Equation 4: Determines the acceleration of each object based on its mass and the previously calculated force.
